Alrighty, so now let's go ahead
and set up the entity relationships
between customer, order, order item and address.
So we can see here that a customer has zero to many orders.
An order can have a shipping address and a billing address.
And also an order has a collection of order items.
So we'll start with order and order items.
So an order has a collection of order items.
So I can move into this order class
and first I'll define a field here for order items.
So just make it a collection, a set.
And then I'll define the relationship here, one to many.
So cascade type of all, and mapped by order.
That's the order field that we'll add
to the order items in the next section.
We'll also add a convenience method here
for adding order items to the given order.
So this is just a convenience method
we could use it in the future if we needed it.
So, first thing I did is just make sure
that items is not equal to null,
and also check my order items collection.
Make sure that's not null,
if it is I'll go ahead and create a new one.
Now go ahead and add this item to order items.
And then I'll also do an item dot set order this.
Just so we have the bi-directional relationship set up.
So now item that set order this.
That means in my order item class
I need to define a reference or a field for order.
Okay, no problem.
Let's move over to order item
and let's define this field or order.
So the order item has a reference back
to the order that it's associated with.
Alright, so that's in place.
And then something that goes over the order and
strange it's still telling us that we have an issue here
with this set order and Lombok
should give us a set of method for free,
since we're using the add setter.
Let's look at order item and go to the top add setter.
It's actually okay.
That's interesting.
I think I know what's up.
I forgot to configure this IDEA
IntelliJ for Lombok support.
Okay, that's what's up.
So this is a fresh install of IntelliJ.
I need to get it up to speed.
So let me go into my IntelliJ preferences,
and I'll move down to the build section.
So that's Build, Execution, Deployment
and then moved down to the Compiler
and choose annotation processes, because this is required
because Lombok does some special magic annotations
and so forth.
So we simply enable that, but we're not done.
There's one more thing we need to do.
We actually need to install the Lombok plugin.
So let's move over to plugins.
And in the center section here
we just type in Lombok and grab that Lombok entry.
And then over here on the right
we click the install button.
So now this should resolve the issue.
So let's swinging back over
to our code and yaaay Lombok is in action.
So it may take a bit for everything to catch up
but eventually here you'll have everything being okay.
So we're good with that.
All right.
Good job.